README.md, before:

# RatingRoost Flutter App

This repository contains a simple Flutter application that lets you manage a list of books and reviews. It replaces the previous Python/Flask implementation.

## Features

- View a list of books
- View reviews for a selected book
- Add and edit reviews
- Data is stored locally using SQLite (`sqflite` package)

## Getting Started

1. Install [Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install) on your machine.
2. Fetch dependencies:

   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. Run the application:

   ```bash
   flutter run
   ```

The first screen shows all books. You can add books and tap on a book to see and manage its reviews.

## Project Structure

- `lib/models` &ndash; data model classes (`Book`, `Review`)
- `lib/db` &ndash; `DatabaseHelper` for SQLite access
- `lib/screens` &ndash; UI screens (book list, review list, review form)
- `lib/main.dart` &ndash; application entry point

## Notes

The repository does not include platform-specific directories generated by `flutter create`. When you run `flutter run`, Flutter will automatically generate them in the build directory.

Commit message:

Add CI workflow and unit test

README.md, after:

# RatingRoost Flutter App

This repository contains a simple Flutter application that lets you manage a list of books and reviews. It replaces the previous Python/Flask implementation.

## Features

- View a list of books
- View reviews for a selected book
- Add and edit reviews
- Data is stored locally using SQLite (`sqflite` package)

## Getting Started

1. Install [Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install) on your machine.
2. Fetch dependencies:

   ```bash
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. Run the application:

   ```bash
   flutter run
   ```

The first screen shows all books. You can add books and tap on a book to see and manage its reviews.

## Project Structure

- `lib/models` &ndash; data model classes (`Book`, `Review`)
- `lib/db` &ndash; `DatabaseHelper` for SQLite access
- `lib/screens` &ndash; UI screens (book list, review list, review form)
- `lib/main.dart` &ndash; application entry point

## Running Tests

Unit tests are located in the `test/` directory and can be executed with:

```bash
flutter test
```

GitHub Actions runs these tests automatically on every push and pull request.

## Notes

The repository does not include platform-specific directories generated by `flutter create`. When you run `flutter run`, Flutter will automatically generate them in the build directory.
